Manual for thermogui.py 05/02/2016

	This is the manual for thermogui.py, a TkInter python application intended for use on a touchscreen
connected to a Raspberry pi.  This program interacts with its support files including schedule.py and
thermo_guisupport.py.  It also interacts with databases managed by schedule.py and rubustat_daemon.py.

  I. Main page
	1. Display Items Overview

		The top row of the main page displays the current temperature and humidity depending on
	the type of configured sensor.  The next row consists of the System Status and Target temperature
	controls and indicators.

		The next row consists of Current Conditions and Schedule.  	If weather is configured and
	enabled, you should see the current weather under the Current Conditions heading.  If scheduling
	is enabled, you should see the current schedule information along with a couple of control buttons.

	2. Indicators and Controls
		A. System Status

			This section contains radio buttons for system selection as well as indicators for status.
		Heat on/off, Cool on/off, Fan on/off, and overal unit condition are displayed in red for heat,
		cyan for cold, green for fan, and white for unit status.  If the unit is running, the unit
		status will flash once per second.  For the main systems, note for example 'heat off' vs.
		'HEAT ON' to indicate the status of that particular system.

			You can select Heat, Cool, EHeat and click the Go! button at the far right to change the
		active system.  However, if scheduling is enabled, your selection may be overriden.  If you select
		Off and click Go!, the schedule will be disabled and the unit will shut off.

			About cooling:  If the system is running AC (COOL ON) and the unit is turned off, the system
			will first cycle into a FAN ON mode for 30 seconds to a minute.  This is to help avoid
			leaving condensation on the coils for the next cycle.  So, there is a delay until the unit
			is fully off.  During this time, the unit status indicator will flash.

		When the unit is off, the unit status will show 'UNIT IDLE' and this indicator will stop
		flashing.

		B. Target temperature

			Using the controls marked -1, <, >, and +1, you may adjust the target temperature by
		- one degree, - one-tenth of a degree, + one-tenth of a degree, and + one degree accordingly.
		Activate your change by clicking on the Go! button.  Note that an active schedule may override
		your changes since their goal is to handle temperature adjustments based on a preset range.

		If scheduling is enabled in the main application config.txt file, you will see the current schedule,
	if any, as well as two additional buttons on the main page of the GUI.  The buttons are a cycling
	enable/disable button for disabling or enabling the current schedule and a config button for configuring
	the schedule.

		Click on enable/disable to enable or disable the schedule.  The button text will change dependent
	upon the current schedule's active state.

		Click on the center button to re-enable the current schedule.  This is only active if the schedule
	was previously overridden (held) using the Use button in the Settings page.

		Click on config to open the settings page (next section).

 II. Settings page (only if scheduling is enabled)
		Upon clicking on the config button on the main gui page, you should be presented with a popup page
	listing schedule settings.  These settings are listed by name along with low and high temperatures:

	SETTINGS:  These are named temperature ranges.  Alone, they do not contain a SCHEDULE.
	SCHEDULE:  These are daily schedules of named temperature SETTINGS.

		For each of the listed SETTINGS, you will see Edit, Delete, and Use buttons.  The most useful of these
	is the Edit button.  Upon clicking an edit button next to one of the settings, you will be presented
	with another popup window showing the scheduling details for this particular setting (next section).  The
	Use button will allow you to override the currently scheduled setting, e.g. you are unexpectedly home, not
	away, etc.

III. Settings edit page
		This page lists the scheduling details for a setting.  It contains text entries for low and high temp
	as well as buttons for each day.  Additionally, there are two buttons under each day for start and end times.

		To disable a schedule for an entire day, click on the name of the day.  This will populate the two buttons
	below that day with an 'X', indicating that this day will be removed from the schedule.

	A. Temp adjust page

		To change low or high temp for this setting, touch one of the entries. You will see a new popup
	with +/- buttons for adjusting temperature.  You can only edit low or high at one time.  This should be clear
	because the other buttons in the popup window will be disabled.  Click Save to save this new temp or
	Close to cancel.

	B. Time adjust page

		To edit start or end times for a day, click on the upper (start) or lower (end) button below each day. You
	will see a new popup with -1h, -10m, +10m, and +1h buttons for adjusting the time by one hour or ten minutes
	each direction.  This should wrap around at 0 hours (midnight) to 23 hours (11pm) or 01 hours (1am) depending
	on the direction.   You can only edit start or end at one time.  This should be clear because the other
	buttons in the popup window will be disabled.  Click Save to save this new time or Close to cancel.

	Click Save to save the new setting schedule or Close to cancel.

